Contact us
How can I get help from a pharmacist?
The best way to reach a pharmacist is by calling us at 877-488-3608 (TTY: 711), Monday – Friday, 8 a.m. – 11 p.m., and Saturday, 8 a.m. – 6:30 p.m., Eastern time. Calls are answered based on the severity or complexity of the issue.

For any urgent matters related to your medications, our team of 600+ experienced pharmacists are available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.

How do I contact CenterWell Pharmacy® or CenterWell Specialty Pharmacy®?
You can contact CenterWell Pharmacy by visiting CenterWellPharmacy.com/support or using the mobile app. You can also contact CenterWell Specialty Pharmacy by visiting CenterWellSpecialtyPharmacy.com/support. If you have any additional questions not answered on this page, please contact us with the following information:

CenterWell Pharmacy

877-488-3608 (TTY: 711)

Monday – Friday, 8 a.m. – 11 p.m., Eastern time

Saturday, 8 a.m. – 6:30 p.m., Eastern time



CenterWell Specialty Pharmacy

855-620-8658 (TTY: 711)

Monday – Friday, 8 a.m. – 11 p.m., Eastern time

Saturday, 8 a.m. – 6:30 p.m., Eastern time

Where can NovoCare® Pharmacy patients find help or contact support?
If you’re a NovoCare Pharmacy patient, please call our dedicated NovoCare support line at 800-967-9917 (TTY: 711), Monday – Friday, 8 a.m. – 11 p.m., and Saturday, 8 a.m. – 6:30 p.m., Eastern time.

Medications and order updates
How can I make sure I take my medication safely and correctly?
Our team of pharmacists and nurses will teach you how to take your medications. They will also help you manage potential side effects and help you avoid potential drug interactions. This support network will make sure all your questions are answered.

If you take a specialty medication, CenterWell Specialty Pharmacy can schedule a home healthcare nurse to administer your medicine at home. If you take self-injected medications, a specialty nurse can make sure you and/or your caregiver understand your doctor's directions.

How do I cancel an order?
Currently, you can’t cancel an order online after it’s been processed. If you need to cancel an order, please contact our pharmacy as soon as possible.

CenterWell Pharmacy


877-488-3608 (TTY: 711)

Monday – Friday, 8 a.m. – 11 p.m., Eastern time

Saturday, 8 a.m. – 6:30 p.m., Eastern time



CenterWell Specialty Pharmacy

855-620-8658 (TTY: 711)

Monday – Friday, 8 a.m. – 11 p.m., Eastern time

Saturday, 8 a.m. – 6:30 p.m., Eastern time

How do I check my order status?
All you need is your order number and date of birth and you can check your order status without signing in!

Check your order status 
How do I schedule my delivery for specialty medications?
After your new order has been approved and filled, a Customer Care specialist will contact you directly to schedule your specialty medication delivery. For refill orders, a Customer Care specialist will reach out when your refill is ready to ship to schedule a delivery date that works best for you.

How long does it take to receive my medications through the mail?
After we receive your prescription from your prescriber or pharmacy, new prescriptions and transfers generally take 3–5 business days with standard shipping. Refills generally take 3–5 business days with standard shipping or 2–3 business days with expedited shipping. If we have to contact you or your prescriber about your order, delivery may take longer.

For specialty medications, you will receive a call to confirm the order before your shipment is scheduled. If you have an email address on file, you will receive a shipping confirmation email with an order number. Use that number to follow your package from our pharmacy to your home, doctor’s office or specific requested location.

How much specialty medication will I receive?
It's common for your prescriber to adjust your specialty medications based on your condition and how you respond to treatment. Most specialty medications are dispensed in 30-day supplies, so adjustments can be made quickly.

What if I need an emergency order of my specialty medication?
During regular business hours, a Customer Care specialist can make urgent shipping arrangements. Shipping fees may apply. However, shipping fees don’t apply to overnight orders or Saturday shipping. At other times, follow the directions on CenterWell Specialty Pharmacy's toll-free automated line.

Toll-free phone number: 855-620-8658 (TTY: 711)

Customer Care specialists are available to receive your call Monday – Friday, 8 a.m. – 11 p.m., and Saturday, 8 a.m. – 6:30 p.m., Eastern time.

What if my specialty order is late or missing?
If you don't receive your order on schedule, contact CenterWell Specialty Pharmacy at 855-620-8658 (TTY: 711). A Customer Care specialist can assist you during regular business hours: Monday – Friday, 8 a.m. – 11 p.m., and Saturday 8 a.m. – 6:30 p.m., Eastern time.

What should I do if my medications have changed?
Currently, you can’t update your medications online. Please call us if any of your medications have changed. Having your most up-to-date medication list allows our pharmacists to screen for possible drug interactions or duplicate therapies. It's just another step we take to protect your health and well-being.

CenterWell Pharmacy


877-488-3608 (TTY: 711)

Monday – Friday, 8 a.m. – 11 p.m., Eastern time

Saturday, 8 a.m. – 6:30 p.m., Eastern time



CenterWell Specialty Pharmacy

855-620-8658 (TTY: 711)


Monday – Friday, 8 a.m. – 11 p.m., Eastern time


Saturday, 8 a.m. – 6:30 p.m., Eastern time

What should I do with my unused or expired medications?
It is recommended that you don't flush unused or expired medications because they may contaminate the water supply. Check your prescription information for proper disposal techniques.

When can I refill my specialty medication?
A Customer Care specialist will call to schedule your next delivery. That way, you never have to worry about remembering to refill in time.

Refill your medications now 
Other
How can I get over-the-counter products?
Depending on your plan, you can still order your over-the-counter (OTC) products online from CenterWell Pharmacy. Your OTC balance will stay the same. To see if you have this benefit, sign in to your CenterWell Pharmacy account, and you’ll see your “over-the-counter (OTC) allowance” and Shop OTC Products underneath the top navigation bar.

Learn more about OTC products 
View the full OTC catalog and order form 
Should I download the CenterWell Pharmacy mobile app?
Yes, we recommend downloading the CenterWell Pharmacy mobile app for free from the App Store® or Google Play™. The app is a convenient way to manage prescriptions, view refill status, track orders, receive med reminders and make changes to your account.

Download on the App Store ?Get it on Google Play

What is CenterWell Pharmacy?
CenterWell Pharmacy is an online, mail-delivery pharmacy that helps manage your maintenance prescription medication with convenient delivery to your home or a location of your choice.

Prescriptions
Can I transfer a prescription from another pharmacy to CenterWell Pharmacy?
Yes, you can. Transferring your prescription to CenterWell Pharmacy is easy and convenient. Skip the trip to the store and get started right now. You can transfer prescriptions to CenterWell Pharmacy online, with our mobile app, by phone or mail.

Online: Sign in to your CenterWell Pharmacy account. From there, you can begin the transfer process by selecting Transfer Rx from the drop-down menu under My Rx. If you have prescriptions available to transfer, select Show me, then follow the prompts to transfer your prescription. If you have a MyHumana account, you'll use the same username and password to sign in to your CenterWell Pharmacy account.

Mobile app: Download our CenterWell Pharmacy app from the App Store or Google Play. You can complete your transfer prescription request by selecting ?Transfer Rx as guest from the home screen or signing in to the app. In both cases, you’ll be asked to take a photo of your prescription label and verify your prescription information before completing your transfer request.

Download on the App Store ?Get it on Google Play

Phone: Call our toll-free automated system 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, at 877-488-3608 (TTY: 711). Follow the directions and transfer an existing prescription request by phone.

Mail: Download the registration and prescription order form and mail it to:

CenterWell Pharmacy

P.O. Box 745099

Cincinnati, OH 45274-5099

Be sure to include the following items:

Original paper prescription

Registration and prescription order form

Payment information

You should expect your medication 3–5 business days after your prescriber confirms your prescription.

How do I refill a prescription with CenterWell Pharmacy?
You can refill your prescription in the following ways:

Go online: If you have your prescription number(s), you can refill your prescriptions on the CenterWell Pharmacy homepage. Otherwise, you can sign in to your account using your MyHumana or CenterWell Pharmacy username and password. You’ll be taken to your prescription dashboard or homepage. Select the Refill button next to your prescription and follow the prompts to complete your order.

We’ll call you: For your convenience, CenterWell Pharmacy will call you by phone when a refill becomes available as the default communication method. Follow the instructions and submit your refill order by phone. Then complete the following steps:

Say "yes" or "no" to each medication name available for refill
Verify or enter your credit or debit card
Confirm your shipping address
Note that you can always update your communication preferences to email or text when signed into your CenterWell Pharmacy account.

Call us: Use our toll-free automated system 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, at 877-488-3608 (TTY: 711). Follow the directions and submit your refill order by phone.

By mobile app: Download our CenterWell Pharmacy app from the App Store or Google Play. Once you sign in, you should see which medications are available to refill on the dashboard. Select the medications you’d like to refill and then select Add to cart. Once you’re in the cart, you can review your order and select Place order to order your refills.

Download on the App Store ?Get it on Google Play

How do I submit a new prescription to CenterWell Pharmacy?
There are 3 ways that you can start a new prescription request with CenterWell Pharmacy: online, phone or mail.

Online: Sign in to your CenterWell Pharmacy account and select Fill a new prescription from the homepage. Enter your prescription details and your prescriber’s information, if necessary, and submit. If you have a MyHumana account, you'll use the same username and password to sign in to your CenterWell Pharmacy account.

Phone: Call our toll-free automated system 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, at 877-488-3608 (TTY: 711). Follow the directions and submit your new prescription request by phone.

Mail: Download the registration and prescription order form and mail it to:

CenterWell Pharmacy
P.O. Box 745099
Cincinnati, OH 45274-5099

Be sure to include the following items:

Original paper prescription
Registration and prescription order form
Payment information
You should expect your medicine 3–5 business days after your prescriber confirms your prescription.

Pricing
Are there financial aid programs available for my medications?
Yes! Our team of knowledgeable pharmacy technicians can help you find out if you’re eligible for drug manufacturers patient assistance programs or non-profit foundation funding for brand name medications. We can even help you apply and work with your doctor. Give us a call at 844-645-7262 (TTY: 711), Monday – Friday, 8 a.m. – 6:30 p.m., Eastern time.

Drug Manufacturers Patient Assistance Programs—Drug manufacturers may provide patient assistance programs for brand name medications for members who need help paying for their medication(s) after insurance. If determined eligible you’ll receive your medication at no cost for the remaining calendar year.
A few examples that the Maximize Your Benefits Resource Specialist Program can help determine if you’re eligible and help you sign up for are:

AbbVie Patient Assistance Foundation
Bausch Health Patient Assistance Program
Boehringer Ingelheim (BI) Cares Program
Genentech
Pfizer RxPathways®


Note: Eligibility is determined by but not limited to member income and out-of-pocket spending.

Non-profit foundations—Many foundations and charitable organizations offer direct financial assistance to those who qualify.
A few common foundations that CenterWell Specialty Pharmacy and the Maximize Your Benefits Resource Specialist Program work with are:

Patient Advocate Foundation
Good Days (also known as Chronic Disease Fund)
Patient Access Network (PAN) Foundation
Healthwell Foundation®
Leukemia Lymphoma Society®
Can I pay for my specialty medications by check or money order?
If you are paying by check or money order, please make the payment out to CenterWell Pharmacy or CenterWell Specialty Pharmacy.

How are the prices of my prescriptions determined?
The cost of your medications is determined when they’re processed. It’s based on your pharmacy bene?ts and the quantity, strength and dosage of the medicine.

How do I pay for my medication or an outstanding balance?
You can pay with a debit, credit, health savings account (HSA) or flexible spending account (FSA) card. Your payment options for orders placed through the mail include those listed above and personal checks or money orders. For orders placed over the phone, you can pay by credit card or check. If you’re a Humana member, write your Humana member ID number on all checks and money orders. Please don’t send cash. Contact us to discuss your options if you cannot afford your medications.

You can pay an outstanding bill in the following ways:

Online: Sign in to your CenterWell Pharmacy account and select the Outstanding balance link from your dashboard.If you want to use Afterpay as a form of payment, you can select Continue to Afterpay in the Outstanding balance screen, and we’ll direct you to Afterpay’s website. From there, follow the prompts to sign in or create your Afterpay account, and you’ll be guided to make your first payment, then you’ll pay the remaining balance in 3 more interest-free installments every 2 weeks. See Afterpay’s installment agreement for complete terms or learn more at Afterpay.com.

Mobile app: Sign in to the free CenterWell Pharmacy app and select the Account tab at the bottom of the screen. You can edit or add a debit or credit card to your account from there.

Phone: Call our pharmacy at 877-488-3608 (TTY: 711), Monday through Friday, 8 a.m. to 11 p.m., and Saturday, 8 a.m. to 6:30 p.m., Eastern time.

If you have a specialty medication, we’ll contact you by phone to discuss payment options.

How do I pay for my order?
You can pay with a debit, credit, health savings account (HSA) or flexible spending account (FSA) card. You can also pay by personal check, check by phone or money order.

If you have an outstanding balance on your CenterWell Pharmacy account, you can use Afterpay as a form of payment. To do this, select Continue to Afterpay in the Outstanding balance screen, and we’ll direct you to Afterpay’s website. From there, follow the prompts to sign in or create your Afterpay account, and you’ll be guided to make your first payment, then you’ll pay the remaining balance in 3 more interest-free installments every 2 weeks. See Afterpay’s installment agreement for complete terms or learn more at Afterpay.com.

How much will my specialty medication cost?
You may not learn the cost of your specialty medication until we fill your prescription because drug prices and coverage may change. The actual cost of the drug is determined by your prescription drug benefit, quantity, strength and/or dosage of the medicine, and the order in which you purchase your prescriptions.

After you submit a request for a new specialty medication—or submit a refill order—a benefits specialist will review your insurance benefits. They will then reach out to you to discuss the price of your medication(s) and any potential financial assistance options. Benefits specialists work closely with foundations, drug manufacturers and community resources to provide your medications at the lowest possible cost. They'll even help you fill out the paperwork!

You will not be charged until you learn—and agree to—the cost of your medication. You can decline the medication if the price is too high.

Learn more about our financial assistance program 
What are my payment options if I have a secondary payer for specialty medications?
Let us know if you have another payer for your specialty medications. We'll need to verify that CenterWell Specialty Pharmacy can coordinate with your program. If we can coordinate with your program, a CenterWell Specialty Pharmacy team member will call you to discuss your options.

What if I can't afford the price of my specialty medication?
Our benefits specialists work closely with foundations, drug manufacturers and community resources to provide your medications at the lowest possible cost. If the price of your medicine is still too high after financial assistance is applied, you may decline the medication. You will not be charged until you agree to the price.

What is a secondary payer?
A primary payer is responsible for paying a claim—meaning they pay first when a claim is filed. A secondary payer can pick up the difference if a primary payer doesn't cover the full cost.

Secondary payers are often brought in to help cover the high cost of specialty medications. Many states offer state pharmaceutical assistance programs to help residents pay for their medications. In some instances, Medicaid can also be used to cover drug costs.

If you're interested in learning more about the resources available to help pay for your specialty medications, our dedicated financial support team may be able to help.

Learn more about our financial support team 
Services and benefits
Can I get my infusion therapy administered at home?
For certain infusion therapies, you and your healthcare team may decide to receive your treatments in the comfort of your home. CenterWell Specialty Pharmacy offers home infusion therapies, where a skilled home infusion nurse can visit you in your home when it's convenient for you.

Learn more about home infusion therapy 
Do you offer any additional support for specialty pharmacy customers?
Our care team offers personalized support by reviewing your treatment plan to help minimize possible side effects and eliminate potential food or drug interactions. We’ll also monitor your adherence to your therapy.

Learn about clinical support 
What if I can't afford specialty therapies?
We understand that specialty therapies are expensive and want to help ease that burden. CenterWell Specialty Pharmacy helps connect patients to programs that can provide financial assistance.

Learn more about our dedicated financial team 
What is a Center of Excellence?
CenterWell Specialty Pharmacy offers an enhanced experience for cancer, neuromuscular disorders, lung conditions and rare diseases.

The Cancer Center of Excellence, Neuromuscular Center of Excellence, Pulmonary Center of Excellence and Rare Disease Center of Excellence offer a dedicated team of pharmacists, nurses, clinicians and financial specialists to help you manage every aspect of your treatment—all from home. Together, they'll address side effects, monitor dosage and medication interactions, and answer any questions.

Learn more about the Cancer Center of Excellence 
Learn more about the Cell and Gene Center of Excellence 
Learn more about the Neuromuscular Center of Excellence 
Learn more about the Pulmonary Center of Excellence 
Learn more about Rare Disease Center of Excellence 
Specialty Pharmacy
Does Humana own CenterWell Pharmacy and CenterWell Specialty Pharmacy?
Yes, CenterWell Pharmacy and CenterWell Specialty Pharmacy are brands of Humana Inc.

What do I do if I'm also taking other non-specialty medications?
CenterWell Specialty Pharmacy's dedicated team of specialty pharmacists offers personalized outreach to help maximize the outcomes of your therapy in the following ways:

Providing instructions on how to correctly take your medication(s), including injection techniques and storage requirements
Conducting confidential reviews to ensure that any other medicine or supplement you are taking doesn't interact with your treatment(s)
What is a specialty medicine?
Specialty medications are more complex than the medications you get at a regular retail pharmacy. They often have specific storage and shipping requirements—such as refrigeration—or are simply not stocked at most retail pharmacies. They are typically expensive and are designed to treat chronic or complex conditions such as HIV and AIDS, cancer and rheumatoid arthritis.

Specialty medications can also be more complicated to take. Patients need to learn exactly how and when to take them to be most effective. At CenterWell Specialty Pharmacy, our dedicated pharmacists and nurses teach you how to take your medications safely to get the best results possible.

Learn more about the treatments CenterWell Specialty Pharmacy offers 
What is CenterWell Specialty Pharmacy?
CenterWell Specialty Pharmacy is a mail-order specialty pharmacy offering support services to help you manage your condition. Our network of pharmacists, nurses, clinicians and financial specialists meet you where you are and provide the support you need to achieve the best possible treatment outcome.
